seven former Marist football players
were in attendance Thursday March 13th
at the Hudson Valley sports dome the
athletes perform different tests of
physical fitness and skill in the hopes
of catching the eye of an NFL scout I
think I setup the most thing on my forty
I think I read a little bit faster than
I did at Buffalo which was the main
focus on this Friday today which is run
faster and I felt that I stayed
consistent with the other drills that I
did here as long as I did in Buffalo so
I think I did a pretty good job today
Terrence today is Maris top prospect a
sixth Ward defensive line he set the
Maris record in career sacks and
single-season sacks he also recently
took part in a pro timing day in Buffalo
where all 32 NFL teams were present I
also want to thank coach P because he
had a you know major helping me getting
up there they've been supporting me
since day one you know I don't know how
other teams run things but here I'm
Maris you know once you're done playing
on the field that doesn't mean the
coaches stopped contact with you you
know Coach B along with coach the coach
a the whole coaching staff you know they
hit me up from time to time text me to
see how I'm doing and fidei has been
doing a lot a me to be the first red
Foxx drafted in school history the day
was primarily responsible for Maris
first ever NFL Pro day very very proud
day and it's great to see how far the
program's come we had our laid out
luncheon yesterday for our championship
and we talked about this kind of
of the program the program is gonna be
50 years old now starting in 2000 or in
2015 but to have our first pro day and
to have so many guys be viable
candidates shows we're really where the
program is come to you guys the first
was pretty awesome but you know one of
the main reasons why I wanted to have
one here at Marist also not just keep
one up at Buffalo was for my other
teammates you know to also have a chance
so you know get looked at by the scouts
and that's a great thing to have your
teammates know that you've been playing
with for four years come out here on the
field for a very last time you know just
probably your last time on the field
together so it was a pretty humbling
experience another former Redbox
michael rios briefly signed with the
arizona cardinals and looks to use the
experience as fuel second time around
and carson palmer and those guys were
real professionals they treated
everyone's respect led by example on and
off the field so you know every facet in
life and decisions
you know stem back to your career and
being healthy so I was able learned a
lot I'm just trying to show stuff I'm
healthy you know last time I performed
well the protein I was able to get on
and a full roster but I ran some bad
luck and I broke my foot which is
unfortunate but I used that time to
recovery to get myself ready for the
next season and learn a little bit about
myself in my situation and I'm truly
grateful for my where I'm at in my
school